[Music]
the younger you are the better you'll do
on this test common sense tells us that
the older you are the better you should
score on different tests after all your
age and experience are supposed to come
to your rescue right sorry
but it doesn't always work like that in
fact teenagers have way more chances to
waste the test in this video than those
who are older isn't that an expression
of doubt on your face okay then let's
give it a try before you accept this
challenge click the red subscription box
that's how you can get to the bright
side of life where there's a lot of fun
and excitement by the way if you wring
the notification belt you'll always be
the first to find out about daily
updates on the channel are you ready to
start this quiz great after each
question you'll have 10 seconds to think
about your answer you'll get one point
for each correct answer at the end
you'll find out how well you scored
ready steady go ahead 1 what do people
use this app for
a online shopping be downloading music
see chatting D editing there fix you
have ten seconds to remember where
you've seen this logo remember to play
fair and use your memory not Google
if you chose answer C you get your first
point that's a popular messaging app
that appeared in 2010 with its help you
can send messages gifs and pictures that
create huge group chats that can include
up to 49 users - where did baby Ariel
get her start a Instagram B YouTube see
musical ly D Twitter 10 seconds for you
to remember which social network helped
this modern superstar become famous
[Music]
and the right answer is C the 17-year
old singer and content creator started
her journey to popularity on musical ly
that's a social network app that helps
you create videos and broadcast them
live 3 which TV show did Drake take
pardon when he was a teen a Drake and
Josh
B Degrassi the next generation C famous
in love D sharp objects this question
may be a piece of cake for you or
perhaps not in any case make the best
use of your 10 seconds
[Music]
and you get one more point if you went
for be the famous Canadian rapper Aubrey
Drake indeed starred into grazi the next
generation which is a famous teen drama
series for who is the person in the
photo a Bella Hadid be Cara Delevingne C
Gigi Hadid Dean Ali e crevalle oh you
have ten seconds to remember who this
beauty is
[Music]
if you chose answer a you're wrong
that's not Bella Hadid but her sister
Gigi Hadid this young lady has more than
45 million followers on Twitter and
Instagram on top of that she is
considered one of the most popular
models in the entire world five which
one isn't an Instagram stories filter a
sunglasses B flower crowd C dog D
giraffe let's find out if you are an
Instagram fan use your 10 seconds to
figure out the filter that doesn't exist
in this app
[Music]
and the right answer is D unfortunately
you can't turn into a giraffe even with
the help of Instagram 6 what does the
chat abbreviation sm h mean a some more
happiness be shaking my head C so much
oh D so mad and heartbroken you have 10
seconds to figure out this mysterious
abbreviation
[Music]
if your answer of choice was B congrats
you've got one more point nowadays
people often send s MH shaking my head
to show that they jokingly disapprove of
someone or something on top of that this
abbreviation can be set out laughs s m
h7 who is the person in this photo a
Jakob Sartorius be Finn wolf are C Jahi
Diallo Winston D MattyB wraps all these
guys are young and famous but which one
is portrayed in the photo
ten seconds to remember this face
[Music]
and the correct answer is d this is
indeed MattyB wraps a hip-hop artist who
is only 15 years old but already has a
social reach of more than 23 million
eight how did Cameron Monaghan start his
career a as a child actor when he was
seven years old me as a singer when he
was nine C as a child model when he was
three D by starring in commercials at
the age of five to remember where you
first saw Cameron you have ten seconds
[Music]
answer C is the correct one being an
extremely outgoing child Cameron
Monaghan began his professional career
as a child model at the tender age of
three nine what does this brand produce
a electronic gadgets B clothing and
accessories C skateboards D sports food
and supplements hopefully ten seconds
will be enough for you to figure out if
you have some products from this brand
[Music]
okay there was some foul play involved
here in fact supreme produces both
skateboards and clothing along with
accessories that's why you had to pick
two correct answers B and C did this
question manage to trick you tell us in
the comment section below 10 which app
does this logo represent a Twitter B
telegram C tinder D tumblr you have only
10 seconds to remember the logos of
these famous apps if you picked answer D
you made the right choice that's indeed
the logo of tumblr a free social
networking website where people can
create their own blogs and post
multimedia content 11
what does fam mean a famous B family C
fade D
famished you probably have enough time
to figure this one out
unless you already know it
[Music]
the right answer is B fam is often used
as a short form of the word family by
the way you can also use fam when
speaking about your friends or another
group of people 12 which logo is the
right one
hey definitely the one on the left me I
have the one on the right on my phone
you probably won't need the whole 10
seconds to figure out the answer but you
still have this time and those who pick
to answer B are absolutely right this is
the correct logo for snapchat a mobile
messaging app that allows you to share
text photos videos and drawings that's
it you have 15 seconds to calculate your
total score and then you'll find out how
young you really are
[Music]
if your total score is zero to three
points well most likely you belong to
Generation X people of this generation
were born between 1965 and 1980 you're
mature and confident in addition you
have learned to appreciate life no
matter what it sends your way you also
have complete control over your emotions
and life decisions if your total score
is four to seven points ah it seems that
somebody was born between 1982 and 1996
and belongs to Generation Y aka
Millennials you probably share some
prominent qualities with other
Millennials this generation is known for
being adventurous and ambitious
confident and educated Millennials also
have such character traits as
independence open-mindedness and passion
if your total score is 8 to 12 points
hey Gen Z if you absolutely nailed this
test the chances are high that you were
born in the zeros thus you belong to
Generation Z or you have a teenage child
who shares their interests and hobbies
with you this means that you are
inseparable from your gadgets and no
wonder you have never known a world
without smartphones or the Internet
you're independent and fair-minded and
you want to make a big difference you
have perfected the art of multitasking
and you're use to dreaming big which
results did you get did this test
determine your age correctly tell us in
the comments below hit the like button
if you had fun doing this quiz and share
it with your friends remember to
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
you